feat(dh): add traceparent header for application insights (#791)
Energinet-DataHub/greenforce-frontend: docs/dh/logging.md

# Logging with Application Insights

- Page views will be tracked by default when router changes occur. Note that this doesn't include **overlays** (see [trackPageView](#trackPageView)).

- Uncaught browser exceptions will also be tracked by default. For manually logging exceptions (see [trackException](#trackException)).

- HTTP requests will also be tracked by default, so no manually tracking is nesecary.

> **_⚠️ Note: `traceparent` header won't be added on outgoing requests in the mocking environment due to the usage of MSW (Mock Service Worker). To test this functionality, run the development environment instead. `yarn nx run app-dh:serve:development_**

Reviewer: suggestion:

```suggestion
**_⚠️ Note: `traceparent` header won't be added on outgoing requests in the mocking environment due to the usage of MSW (Mock Service Worker). To see the `traceparent` header, run the development environment instead: `yarn nx run app-dh:serve:development_**
```

```sh
yarn nx run app-dh:serve:development

> ```

Author: Should be fixed now
